#386 Update GKE cluster creation pages (#405)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/set-up-clusters-from-hosted-kubernetes-providers/gke.md

---

> title: Creating a GKE Cluster

Reviewer: Could you also update the 2.6 file so the title matches this one.

**Result:** You have created credentials that Rancher will use to provision the new GKE cluster.

### 2. Create the GKE Cluster

> Use Rancher to set up and configure your Kubernetes cluster. To successfully create a GKE cluster with Rancher, your GKE must be in Standard mode. GKE has two modes of operation when creating a Kubernetes cluster, Autopilot and Standard mode. The cluster configuration for Autopilot mode has restrictions on editing the kube-system namespce. However, Rancher needs to create resources in the kube-system namespace during installation. As a result, you will not be able to create a GKE cluster in Autopilot mode. For more informatin about the difference between GKE Autopilot mode and Standard mode, visit [Compare GKE Autopilot and Standard.](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/resources/autopilot-standard-feature-comparison)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Rancher to set up and configure your Kubernetes cluster. To successfully create a GKE cluster with Rancher, your GKE must be in Standard mode. GKE has two modes of operation when creating a Kubernetes cluster, Autopilot and Standard mode. The cluster configuration for Autopilot mode has restrictions on editing the kube-system namespace. However, Rancher needs to create resources in the kube-system namespace during installation. As a result, you will not be able to create a GKE cluster in Autopilot mode. For more information about the difference between GKE Autopilot mode and Standard mode, visit [Compare GKE Autopilot and Standard.](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/resources/autopilot-standard-feature-comparison)
```
